Authorization is what we can do inside of our application.
Once the app is determined who we are, it now looks to see what we can do.
Authorization will always follow authentication.
We first need to determine who we are and then determine
what we can do inside of that app.
What we can do can be very coarse‑grained descriptions,
such as a web application, or it might be as fine grained as a user
being able to see a specific field or button on a page or possibly
perform a certain action inside of our application.
It can even be used to filter the data set we are able to view.
To set both authentication and authorization up, we need to add a few libraries in Maven in our app.